Update climate_ir.mdx with advanced_commands_support (#7189)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: src/content/docs/components/climate/climate_ir.mdx

- **bit_high** (*Optional*, [Time](/guides/configuration-types#time)): time for the high part of any bit in the LG protocol. Defaults to `600us`
- **bit_one_low** (*Optional*, [Time](/guides/configuration-types#time)): time for the low part of a '1' bit in the LG protocol. Defaults to `1600us`
- **bit_zero_low** (*Optional*, [Time](/guides/configuration-types#time)): time for the low part of a '0' bit in the LG protocol. Defaults to `550us`

> - **advanced_commands_support** (*Optional*, boolean): enables an advanced control mode for newer units, allowing temperature regulation in `Heat/Cool` mode and vertical airflow adjustment (6 fixed positions +  up/down swing). Swing mode is remembered after powering off as well. Defaults to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **advanced_commands_support** (*Optional*, boolean): enables an advanced control mode for newer units, allowing temperature regulation in `Heat/Cool` mode and vertical airflow adjustment.  Only up and down swing are supported.  The 6 fixed position settings are treated as off.  Swing mode is remembered after powering off as well. Defaults to `false`.
```
